yes I see it
Wow
that is magnificent
I mean really it's only from up here
that you get any sense of the scale of
the animal I mean I can actually see
this alongside a whale watching boats
and it's longer than the boats it's
enormous
I reckon it's got to be 16 or 17 meters
long and at the moment is just resting
at the surface any second now though
it's going to give a big kick of those
mighty tail flukes move forward and die
down and once it's gone it's going to be
underwater for a very long time this is
one of mother nature's greatest pre
divers they can die to several thousand
meters diving for well over an hour or
one breath of air and the reason for
these long dive is that they have to eat
more than a cow's weight of fish and
squid every day
okay great stout at night
[Music]
how's about that one big dive and he's
down into the depths of the ocean but
that was how this world
[Music]
you